# M4R

Code implementing an agent performing bayesian inference, using the ABCpy package, within the ABIDES market simulator. The agent uses the Sequential Monte Carlo algorithm for Approximate Bayesina Computation (SMCABC) introduced in: P. Del Moral, A. Doucet, A. Jasra, An adaptive sequential Monte Carlo method for approximate Bayesian computation. Statistics and Computing, 22(5):1009-1020, 2012. The agent performs this inference scheme, using the orderbook's history as an observation, to obtain an approximation of the parameters of the ABIDES configuration of the simulation it belongs to. From this the agent records multiple simulations to predict the future price. It then implements a simple Bollinger Band strategy from these price predictions to determine its trading strategy.

The folder implements this agent in the ABIDES package and compares the agent's performance to the Zero-Intelligence agent. The code for the agent can be found in the "InferenceAgent.py" file in the "agent" folder. For its inference scheme it uses functions defined in "inference_functions.py" found in the "bap" folder. The ABIDES configuration file calling this agent is named "bap.py". This is the configuration we use for experiments found in the folder "Experiments_1.2_to_2.3" in the "bap" folder.

The configuration of the ABIDES file is easily customisable to the user's needs. The agent's code can be modified similarly but if the user wishes to change the inference scheme, then knowledge of the ABCpy package is required. The implementation of the agent as a basic bayesian inference agent was done with high customizability in mind.